raspberry souffle the number one
show-off dessert now the secret with the
souffle is in the jam hot pan sugar
raspberries vanilla as the sugar comes
up to the boil turn the gas down and
just let that cook out the jam is nice
and rich but more importantly we want to
get rid of the seeds but we want to push
all that jam through the sieve
into the fridge cooler down pastry cream
cream and milk into the pan bring that
up to the boil egg yolks sugar beet
flour that helps to thicken the pastry
cream mix you want that really nice
smooth texture the cream and milk come
up to the boil this is where it gets
really exciting whisk that up and then
put your custard back in to the pan as
you cook it out it gets nice and thick
that's it into a bowl mix into the
fridge and cool the pastry cream down
now buttering the molds for the souffle
butter chocolate and then just twist the
mould
all right jams call down pastry creams
cooled down add the jam to the pastry
cream mix so it's nice and smooth
rest egg whites whisk sugar
egg whites out mix
raspberries into a bowl raspily cure
marinated raspberries at the bottom of
the souffle amaretti biscuits that
helped absorb the alcohol one nice scoop
in
bang down that evenly places all the
mixture throughout the rafters in the
biscuit and just run a little circle
around the mold that helps the souffle
to rise into the oven 190 degrees 10
minutes icing sugar that has to be the
perfect way of showing off a dinner
party beautiful
raspy souffle done